What are you doing?
Um, Ms. Qin said he has a project he wants to talk to me about.
So I came in and asked me to talk about the project.
Isn't that right, Xiaoming?
Uh, yeah, yeah.
My brother and sister are here to talk.
Talk.
Is there red wine all over the floor?
Having a good conversation, it's natural to want to open a celebratory bottle of wine.
Cham is really fun.
That's why I spilled wine all over the floor.
Fish soup just helped me clean up.
We're going to wash a little together.
Take a shower, this hotel also has a men's and women's bathroom, don't you know?
No, no, no, I swear there's absolutely nothing to wash on the pillow.
This is going to be a porridge pot.
In your conscience, I didn't do anything.
I can't believe the jade did this.
Come on, there's a meeting coming up.
Miss Wang, please show some self-respect.
Don't always think about someone else's fiancé.
Someone else's fiancé.
So you tell him to tell me one at first.
How old are you, do you still remember the arranged marriage?
Hey.
Guys, either we walk normally, we can't.